what we're gonna do today is make some
panettone
and marmalade bread and butter pudding
it's an easy dish panettone is found in
most delicatessens and shops all year
round so you should have no problem
picking it up this is 750 gram which
once we've trimmed it we'll be using
about 450 grams we've got five eggs 750
ml of milk and cream some vanilla
hundred grams of caster sugar some
marmalade which I'm warmed up in the
microwave some butter and a dish which
I've coated with butter to stop it
sticking so first of all what we do we
take away the paper that surrounds the
panettone but a big cupcake this just
take the bottom off I like to take the
darker bits off purely and simply
because I've got an uncle always accuses
me of burning things so I like to take
it off and that way you can't have a pop
of me most quality panettone knees have
got a nice mixture of raisins candied
fruits an orange lime inside a product
which is from the north of Italy the
better panettone has come from Milan
there's a story about panettone about
bake up that fell in love with a
princess and the King wouldn't let him
marry the Baker so he went off and
invented panettone and the king was so
impressed that he let the Baker marry
his daughter don't know if it's true or
not to be honest we don't care
I'm just passing on the information okay
so what we do is each piece of panettone
we basically butter and put into the
dish and put it in layers
and the restaurant this is one of our
most popular dishes you have it on all
year-round try to take it off and people
keep on asking for it to come back on so
we need the castor sugar eggs and start
to mix
and the milk
the vanilla pod
today you need a sharp knife
and then we'll pour in the mix just pour
the mixture in what we're going to do
now is just make sure we soak the
panettone so it takes in the moisture
the custard mix and then we're going to
stick it in the oven about 360 for about
40 minutes
this gives off a lovely smell when it's
in the oven it's beautiful
okay that's it
right
well forty minutes are up now the proof
that are put in make sure you use a dry
kitchen towel or oven gloves if it's wet
the heat turns to steam the steam burns
your hand I think that your degree
that's one hell of a pudding